automount: add page (#13328)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/osx/automount.md

# automount

> > Reads the /etc/auto_master file and mounts `autofs` on the appropriate mount points to trigger on-demand mounting of directories. Essentially, it's a way to manually initiate the system's automounting process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Read the `/etc/auto_master` file and mount `autofs` on the appropriate mount points to trigger the on-demand mounting of directories. Essentially, it's a way to manually initiate the system's automounting process.
```

> Note: You'll most likely need to run with `sudo` if you don't have the necessary permissions.
> More information: <https://keith.github.io/xcode-man-pages/automount.8.html>.

- Run automount, flush the cache beforehand, and be verbose about it (most common use):

`automount -cv`

- Automatically unmount after 5 minutes of inactivity:

`automount -t 300`

> - Unmount anything previously mounted by automount and/or defined in /etc/auto_master:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Unmount anything previously mounted by automount and/or defined in `/etc/auto_master`:
```
